Problem 1:  Top Businesses with Most Reviews
Asked in: Yelp
Difficulty: Medium

Description:
Find the top 5 businesses with most reviews. Assume that each row has a unique business_id such that the total review 
for each business is listed on each row. Output the business name along with the total number of reviews and order your 
results by the total reviews in descending order.

Table yelp_business = 
business_id:varchar
name:varchar
neighborhood:varchar
address:varchar
city:varchar
state:varchar
postal_code:varchar
latitude:float
longitude:float
stars:float
review_count:int
is_open:int
categories:varchar


Solution Approach:
•	SELECT name, ...: The query selects two columns from the yelp_business table - the name column and the calculated review_count column.
•	SUM(review_count) OVER(PARTITION BY name) AS review_count: This part of the query is an analytical function. It calculates the sum of the 
review_count for each business, considering the name as the partitioning criterion. The OVER(PARTITION BY name) clause groups the rows with the 
same name, and then SUM(review_count) calculates the total review count for each group (business).
•	FROM yelp_business: This specifies that we are retrieving data from the yelp_business table.
•	ORDER BY SUM(review_count) OVER(PARTITION BY name) DESC: The results are sorted in descending order based on the calculated review_count. 
Since the SUM(review_count) is the sum of review counts for each business, sorting in descending order will display the businesses with the 
highest total review count first.
•	LIMIT 5: The LIMIT clause restricts the result set to only include the top 5 rows. These will be the five businesses with the highest 
total review counts.

Solution:
SELECT 
    name,
    SUM(review_count) OVER(PARTITION BY name) AS review_count
FROM yelp_business
ORDER BY SUM(review_count) OVER(PARTITION BY name) DESC
LIMIT 5

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Problem 2:  Largest Olympics
Asked in: ESPN
Difficulty: Medium

Description:
Find the Olympics with the highest number of athletes. The Olympics game is a combination of the year and the season, and is found in 
the 'games' column. Output the Olympics along with the corresponding number of athletes.


Table olympics_athletes_events =
id:int
name:varchar
sex:varchar
age:float
height:float
weight:datetime
team:varchar
noc:varchar
games:varchar
year:int
season:varchar
city:varchar
sport:varchar
event:varchar
medal:varchar


Solution Approach:
•	SELECT games, ...: The query selects two columns from the olympics_athletes_events table - the games column and the calculated athletes_count column.
•	COUNT(DISTINCT name) AS athletes_count: This part of the query is an aggregate function. It counts the number of distinct athletes (unique names) for each group of games. The DISTINCT keyword ensures that each athlete is counted only once, even if they participate in multiple events in the same games.
•	FROM olympics_athletes_events: This specifies that we are retrieving data from the olympics_athletes_events table.
•	GROUP BY games: The rows in the olympics_athletes_events table are grouped based on the games column. This means that the aggregate function (COUNT) will be calculated for each unique set of games.
•	ORDER BY COUNT(DISTINCT name) DESC: The results are sorted in descending order based on the calculated athletes_count. This means that the games with the highest number of distinct athletes will be listed first.
•	LIMIT 1: The LIMIT clause restricts the result set to only include the top 1 row. As a result, the query will return the games with the highest number of distinct athletes.


Solution:
SELECT 
    games,
    COUNT(DISTINCT name) AS athletes_count
FROM olympics_athletes_events
GROUP BY games
ORDER BY COUNT(DISTINCT name) DESC
LIMIT 1
